hey everyone so currently I'm visiting
my family in North Carolina and I was
out Christmas shopping last night and I
decided to take up this new mascara and
I decided I have to do a first
impressions video because this mascara
isn't just any mascara it is an instant
lash extensions kit and if you're
familiar with the unique products they
have a lash extensions kit that I'm like
dying for but I unfortunately don't have
that kind of money to just spend 40
bucks on a mascara but I found this
distance formula mascara for $15 at CVS
and I got a $5 of coupons so that was
ten dollars and um yeah the packaging
looks like this I'm always trying to get
my lashes to look longer but like I
can't for somebody that I'm packaging it
says things like warning may cause
serious lash and be DIY lash extension
addiction and random compliments from
strangers so hopefully this helps me
achieve all of these things but will see
you not find out if this little guy
really works or if it's just nobody know
so if you want to see my first
impressions on this thing keep on
watching okay so it has the steps right
on the back of the packaging on what to
do with this little guy so step one is
mascara so you're gonna sweep the lash
glue some mascara to prep for the fibers
and how nice it even has the bottles
listen mascara and extensions okay so
the brush looks like this it's just a
little swooped brush nothing great or
spectacular
it's just that don't mind me I have to
smell everything but the mascara smells
like a regular mascara if you ask me and
I'm gonna go ahead just start applying
this
you
I guess that's as good as gonna get as a
mascara like if I had to write the
mascara this isn't the worst concerning
this is just one coat but I feel like I
could see this mascara getting like
really really clumpy
the Japanese have extension brush to
remove any excess Russian extensions
copper lashes apply mascara so let you
get me their brushes
okey dokey so here I go
there's a little extensions bottle off
oh I'm not sure how I'm liking this just
a bunch of fibers just came like flying
off this so oh let's see
you
I feel like that did absolutely nothing
but we'll see what magic happens when I
apply my mascara
you
I'm not liking it so far honestly I'm
not liking it my eyelashes just look
lumpy they don't look nice so it says to
repeat steps two and three for
life-changing lashes doing them just
once wasn't very life-changing for me so
I'm gonna go ahead and do steps two and
three again and see if my lashes become
life-changing um all right so here is
one eye with two coats of the lash
extension mascara with the extensions on
and then this I had absolutely no
mascara on but I mean like I don't think
it does a better job than like a regular
mascara I usually use the rocket mascara
by Maybelline and honestly same results
just a little bit more work I don't know
I wouldn't recommend this mascara
because like the fibers like I have
fibers all over my mirror probably have
a moment shirt he did like smudge all
over my eyeshadow which is like kind of
gross I go back and clean that up I'm
gonna go ahead and apply the lash
extension mascara to my left eye and
then I'm gonna follow it by applying a
coat of my rocket mascara over the top
lashes as well as the bottom lashes just
so they have a cone the video before go
to bed I didn't really have much time
really I had to go to a party and then
answer gifts when I got home now it's
like 1:00 in the morning I'm finally
done with everything but I just wanted
that to you on my lash extension mascara
um and this was the finished look on my
pink like it was just way too much work
for an extension mascara I think you can
get a better result from just a regular
drugstore mascara honestly my lashes
look great and the other day were just
regular mascara and yeah so you want to
give the Physicians Formula
that's here a try I can but I wouldn't
recommend it anyways I'm really tired so
I'm gonna go and try to some sleep and I
hope you have a wonderful at Marion
Christmas good night
dang it this is not working out that it
was hey everybody so currently I am
visiting my family in North Carolina
which is why I haven't posted a new
video so you know let me try and get a
little more comfortable I did like this
quick leg workout my room last night on
fire so can you see me I hope so I
always say that oh man I meant to curl
them beforehand too late now
I even have fibers all over my phone
case right now that is disgust